Updating documentation for text_similarity_reranker for 8.x (#126971)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/search/retriever.asciidoc

===== Prerequisites

> To use `text_similarity_reranker`, you can rely on the preconfigured `.rerank-v1-elasticsearch` inference endpoint, which is based on <<inference-example-elastic-reranker,Elastic Rerank>> and serves as the default if no `inference_id` is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use `text_similarity_reranker`, you can rely on the preconfigured `.rerank-v1-elasticsearch` inference endpoint, which uses the <<inference-example-elastic-reranker,Elastic Rerank model>> and serves as the default if no `inference_id` is provided.
```

This model is optimized for reranking based on text similarity. If you'd like to use a different model, you can set up a custom inference endpoint for the `rerank` task using the <<put-inference-api, Create {infer} API>>.
The endpoint should be configured with a machine learning model capable of computing text similarity.
Refer to {ml-docs}/ml-nlp-model-ref.html#ml-nlp-model-ref-text-similarity[the Elastic NLP model reference] for a list of third-party text similarity models supported by {{es}}.

You have the following options:

> * Use the built-in <<inference-example-elastic-reranker,Elastic Rerank>> cross-encoder model via the inference API’s {{es}} service. For an example of creating an endpoint using the Elastic Rerank model, refer to <<https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/infer-service-elasticsearch.html#inference-example-elastic-reranker, this guide>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the built-in Elastic Rerank cross-encoder model via the inference API’s {{es}} service. For an example of creating an endpoint using the Elastic Rerank model, refer to <<inference-example-elastic-reranker, this guide>>.
```
